Hi.
In order to submit your apps to the App Store you have to have an app icon right.
So we didn't elect you rigging to see how we can do that.
Yeah.
Did you do that.
I'm just going to create an exemplary X code project.
And are you going to work on that because we should know how to embed those icons in our X code.
So I'm just going to go for a single view app and I'm just going to name this vendor app.
Okay.
Whether logo app because I will assume that we had that weather app and we agreed to create a logo or
an icon for that map.
So let me put this under my iris complete folder and it will create that project for me.
And in fact we're not going to do anything in this project but we're just going to go into the SAT's
folder and just click on that app.
I can I can like that.
Okay.
So when you do that you can see the necessary icons that you should create for your app as you can see
it gives us the pixels as well like we have to go for 40 40.
You have to go for 60 60 and so on.
So we have different sizes and we have to create icons for each size over here.
So how do we do that.
It's fairly easy right.
We can just open a new Adobe exciting project.
OK.
So let me open the adobe Steve one more time and we're going to go for custom size because we going
to create the same pixels.
We're going to use the same pixels that X called wants from us.
For example I'm just going to start with 40 to 40.
So let me zoom in and in my app I can I want to have a blue background and on the blue background I
want to have some.
OK so let me create this background first.
So let me lose this.
Actually I'm not going to use any border but I'm just going to fill this in with some nice blue color
like that.
OK so let me make this a little with dark like that.
So yep this is good.
And over here I'm just going to go for a perfect circle.
And in the circle I'm just going to loose the borders one more time but rather I'm just going to fill
this up with something yellow like that.
So it's going to be our sum and of course we we need some lights for our son like that.
OK.
So I'm just going to go for this vertical one to begin but so this looks good but I need something yellow.
So I need the exact same yellow actually.
So let me do this like that and I need some around that shape like this.
So maybe we can go for two in the thickness.
And here you go.
Now we have some.
Some like shape but we have to copy and paste is a couple of times in order to have some other lines
over here as well.
Yep I believe they are exactly the same size right now.
So let me copy and paste this.
And rather than just moving the zip around I'm just going to change this like that.
OK.
So I'm just going to have a horizontal line right now.
So I believe there.
OK so let me copy and paste this one more time so that I can have other lines here as well like that.
And let me bring in the end of this line over here and let me continue copying pasting these things
and I believe that's good.
So of course we have to adjust the spaces a little bit and adjust the size over here as well.
So let me make this a little bit to the left and this one a little bit to the right and let me copy
and paste it one more time and let me make this over here.
And I believe that's good.
So let me make this a little bit to the right.
So let me copy and paste one more time so that we can have our last line.
Of course we have to adjust this a little bit to make this actually better.
OK so maybe we can make this a little bit smaller so they had to be symmetrical in order to make this
a perfect son.
So this looks good right.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to export this and see if we can use it on our eggs scope project.
So I'm just going to name the sun logo okay.
And by clicking over this little icon or just right the right clicking over here I'd say Mark for export.
You can just market for export things and if you come over here to file export batch it will just create
this icon for us.
So I'm just going to go for AOS and export this.
OK.
So let me see if we can make this in our Desktop.
No.
So let me go back and rather than just searching for it I'm just going to export it one more time and
I don't want it in the Creative Cloud files.
I just wanted on my desktop.
OK.
So here you go.
Now we see the PND are here so this is 40 to 40 and we have two X century X as well.
So in the 40 to 40 I'm just going to bring in the first one and drop it over here and here you go.
Now we have our first icon.
So this should be 80 to 80.
OK.
So do we have something over here like 80 to 80.
So let me see.
Yep I believe.
And as you can see if I make this into another position like that it won't accept it then it will just
display an error message.
But if I make it in the right place it won't display an error or a warning.
OK.
So let me bring in this as well.
And do we have something like 120 to 120.
I don't think so.
So let me bring in one forty two forty one more time.
And here you go.
Now we have some of these icons.
So what can we do is just copy and paste is and try to scale this up or down or we can use some online
service as well.
So let me show how it goes.
Let let me go to Google and I'm going to search far app Apple IRS guess I can generator.
OK so this will give us some options over here like millions of options.
So I'm just going to go for the first one which is app I can make her dot co.
So it asks me to choose a file.
So let me do so.
Let me choose the some logo.
And if I click over here to generate it will generate it for IRS.
And if you scroll down you will see it created so much variations of this file.
So right now in fact I can go for dots like for 48 and just download it to use it on my app.
Let me see if we have something like 48.
Yeah.
We have 58.
So let me go for seven to six for example.
OK.
So let me download dads and let me download 60 as well.
So let me just close that down and let me go back.
So let me start with seven to six so it should go up here.
Yep that's the one.
And let me go for 60.
So let me open this and bring in the 60 over here.
So as you can see it works right.
So let's do a couple more examples and we can just use it for iPhone so that we can try to see if it
actually works on the real life one as well so I'm going to go for debt and 87 as well.
So let me come over here and try to find out.
This is 87 and the other one yep this one.
And let me go for the 87.
So here we go.
Now in order to test is I'm just going to run this on my simulator.
OK.
So if I run this on our simulator you will see the app will actually open and we don't have anything
on our apps so we won't be seeing anything on our storyboards or view controller but if we close down
the app on our resume later then we can actually see the icons.
So we're going to test that.
Let me open the simulator so that we can see it and let's see if this is done.
So here you go it's opening and after it's uplands all you have to do is just close down this app by
just dragging this up.
And here you go.
Now we see our icon like that.
So let me test the search as well.
So let me come over here and search for a weather app or weather logo app.
And here you go.
Now we see our red their logo app.
So icons actually work.
And in this I can generator or app generator.
I you have to pay attention because let me come over here and let me scroll down you will see some peak
salvation on the big sizes.
So in order to avoid this problem you can just go for the biggest icon that you may create in the adobe
steam.
And if you actually provide a bigger I can to this website it will try to scale it down so it won't
be pixilated.
OK but if you try something like 40 to 40 like with it.
In this lecture it will be pixilated like dad.
So it's fun to look good.
So of course alternative way of doing this is going into the adobe extant create everything on your
own.
So if you're trying to upload your app to the App Store.
I believe this would be very helpful for you if you can come over to the weeks that you can create your
app.
I can like that and you will be good to go to submit.
So let's stop here and continue within the next lecture.